Rough CLI tool guide (#2)
blrhc/helpdesk: tools/cli/README.md

    - [working-groups:createOpening](#working-groupscreateopening)
    - [working-groups:decreaseWorkerStake](#working-groupsdecreaseworkerstake)
    - [working-groups:evictWorker](#working-groupsevictworker)
    - [working-groups:fillOpening](#working-groupsfillopening)
    - [working-groups:increaseStake](#working-groupsincreasestake)
    - [working-groups:leaveRole](#working-groupsleaverole)
    - [working-groups:opening](#working-groupsopening)
    - [working-groups:openings](#working-groupsopenings)
    - [working-groups:overview](#working-groupsoverview)
    - [working-groups:slashWorker](#working-groupsslashworker)
    - [working-groups:startAcceptingApplications](#working-groupsstartacceptingapplications)
    - [working-groups:startReviewPeriod](#working-groupsstartreviewperiod)
    - [working-groups:terminateApplication](#working-groupsterminateapplication)
    - [working-groups:updateRewardAccount](#working-groupsupdaterewardaccount)
    - [working-groups:updateRoleAccount](#working-groupsupdateroleaccount)
    - [working-groups:updateWorkerReward](#working-groupsupdateworkerreward)
<!-- TOC END -->

# Overview

> The CLI tool is currently quite rough, and it's main function is to let the Storage Provider Lead perform their duties in a more user friendly matter than the [extrinsics](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/extrinsics) tab. Hence this guide will focus primarily on that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI tool is currently quite rough, and its main function is to let the Storage Provider Lead perform their duties in a more user-friendly manner than the [extrinsics](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/extrinsics) tab. For this reason, the guide will focus primarily on this side of the tool's functionality.
```

## Install

> To get the CLI up and running, on a mac or linux based system, you need `yarn`. On debian based linux, you will not have much success using `apt`, but you can check out [this guide](/roles/storage-providers/README.md#install-yarn-and-node-on-linux) for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the CLI up and running, on a Mac or Linux based system, you need `yarn`. On Debian based Linux, you will not have much success using `apt`, but you can check out [this guide](/roles/storage-providers/README.md#install-yarn-and-node-on-linux) for help.
```

```
$ cd ~/
$ git clone https://github.com/Joystream/joystream.git
$ cd joystream
$ yarn install
$ cd cli
$ yarn link
```
Test that it's working...
`$ joystream-cli help`

> ..which should return the output below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...which should return the output below:
```

| [help](#help)                      |display help for joystream-cli                                                                       |
| [working-groups](#working-groups)  |Working group lead and worker actions                                                                |

## Getting Started

The first time you run a command, you will be prompted to set your API-endpoint. This will determine which node you are talking to. If you are running a node locally, you can choose `localhost`. If not, you can connect to the public node, or select a custom endpoint. You can also go the the [api](#api) section to do it manually.

The first time you want to perform an action that requires a key, you will be asked to import one. You can also go the the [account](#account) section to do it manually.

Note that your imports and setting are stored locally at:
- `/home/<Username>/.local/share/joystream-cli` (Linux)
- `c:\Users\<Username>\AppData\Roaming\joystream-cli` (Windows)
- `/Users/<Username>/Library/Application Support/joystream-cli` (Mac OS)

## account

> These commands lets you do a variety of things related to accounts you create or import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands lets you perform a variety of functions related to accounts you create or import.
```

For each command, try `--help` for info on `args` and `options`. Example: `joystream-cli account:choose --help`.

```
$ joystream-cli account
# will return:

account:choose          Choose default account to use in the CLI
account:create          Create new account
account:current         Display information about currently choosen default account
account:export          Export account(s) to given location
account:forget          Forget (remove) account from the list of available accounts
account:import          Import account using JSON backup file
account:transferTokens  Transfer tokens from currently choosen account
```

### account:choose
### account:create

Note that all new accounts are created with `type ed25519`, and you will not be able to extract the seed.

### account:current
### account:export
### account:forget
### account:import
### account:transferTokens

## api

> These commands lets you choose your api endpoint, and can also be used to perform chain state queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands lets you choose your API endpoint, and can also be used to perform chain state queries.
```

## Install

There are two ways of installing the CLI.

> If you are, or planning to, run a `storage-node`, build your own node/runtime, or host your own instance of `Pioneer` the CLI is bundled in the [joystream-monorepo](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream). In that case, go [here](#build-yourself). If not, you may have an easier time using the [NPM-package](#install-with-npm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are, or are planning to, run a `storage-node`, build your own node/runtime, or host your own instance of `Pioneer` the CLI is bundled in the [joystream-monorepo](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream). In that case, go [here](#build-yourself). If not, you may have an easier time using the [NPM-package](#install-with-npm).
```
